Update access.md (#1034)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: src/configuration/app/access.md

# Access

> The `access` key in `.platform.app.yaml` defines the user roles who can log in via SSH to the environments they have permission to access.  The contributor role is a minimum; anyone with an access level of the contributor role or higher can access the container via SSH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `access` key in `.platform.app.yaml` defines the user roles who can log in via SSH to the environments they have permission to access.  The specified role is a minimum; anyone with an access level of this role or higher can access the container via SSH.
```
